[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This episode has some
of my favorite moments.
It's about energy,
vibration, and using it
for both martial arts
and healing arts.
I've studied both, but my path
took me into the healing arts.
Now in Chinese culture,
qi or energy, life force,
was the foundation,
the cornerstone
of the medicine, of the
arts, of the martial arts,
of the culture.
And what we're
going to see here is
how energy is used both for
healing and for martial arts.
Now this describes a
particular sensitivity
because energy is subtle.
It's not obvious.
Your body is obvious,
and here we're
going to see some very powerful,
physical men doing martial arts
practice, and being
he's a small man,
and he uses internal power,
and he throws this guy around.
And then what we're
going to see is
that he's going to
move this bigger
guy without touching him.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You can resist, right?
You can resist.
You're the best, right?
You resist me.
Resist like I would
do the physical fight.
I would do for you resist.
You resist.
Resist, right?
You can resist.
Protect him.
Don't get hurt.
Yeah.
OK.
That's all right?
>> Fine.
>> OK.
Break.
>> Break.
>> Now when we've
traveled around the world,
we've seen masters that are
able to move people with
their minds.
>> This is one I
use the word gentle.
I don't use energy.
No use energy.
Very gentle.
You won't feel any hurt,
so this one is gentle.
So this show the energy
moving in a circle,
like a whirlpool, like
water, like a tornado.
They're turning, so
they generate energy,
so we're just using that
one for practical use.
For people fit and healthy, for
improve the blood circulation.
>> How are they able to do this?
They shift their mind,
and they shift reality.
>> Like you feel the energy.
You see the travel from the
mind, go reaching his body,
I let him just go.
>> First, they quiet their mind.
Then they develop
non resistance.
They're able to
move or dislocate
their mind from within their
bodies to another vantage
point.
When you move the mind, you
shift the flow of energy,
and by shifting
the flow of energy,
you create this movement
that changes reality.
>> Yeah.
So like that one,
it's the same thing.
You grab my wrist.
You grab it, so I use
the energy shooting him.
Yeah.
The martial arts.
The circle is called anti-force.
Just for a long time training,
like at the tai chi, right?
Long time training.
They gather the energy,
develop the internal elixir.
It's an elixir, right?
Become a contraction, and then
out break to send the energy.
The energy is similar
to the magnetic field.
Magnetic field circulating,
like in my arm, like the--
Yeah.
So like the one.
Just like the circulation,
the way it move--
>> Sergei and Bing do this
in very different ways,
and they're from totally
different countries.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He's going to disrupt
the image that
is formed inside a person's mind
about himself and the world.
When that image
starts to change,
he can do something
quite incredible.
Now he's going to do it
very softly, as you can see,
but if he does it
for real, he can
stop your heart or your
brain from working,
so we appreciate the courage
of this gentleman here.
This is going to be
a very soft version.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> What Sergei did with me,
this very gentle loving version,
and he said that it works
very well if you want to start
to practice it at home
with your beloved,
with someone that you are very
connected with because you are
already emotionally connected,
so you heart is connected.
Your mind is already able
to enter into the person.
This is very easy to start
to train with someone
that you have a very close
emotional connection with.
He says the other
parts of the training,
using the same ability
for other means,
such as in extreme
situation or in combat,
that is another training,
but it's not the message
that he want to leave you
with, so train for love.
Train for wellness.
Make love, not war.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So all of this may seem
fantastical, and it really is,
but when you feel and
experience it for yourself,
it's truly incredible.
Now you might think
of it this way.
We used to have our
technology wired up, you know,
phones and rotary
phones, and now there's
cell phones using
invisible energy.
And these ancient technologies
use this very same thing,
this invisible energy
in powerful ways.
And as we go through
this episode,
I'll demystify it for you so
that you understand actually
what's going on because it
can be a little bit confusing,
both in the martial side, and
also in the healing art side,
so there's really two
segments to this episode.
One is Bing doing
his martial arts,
and the other is Ming
doing healing arts,
and you'll even
have an opportunity
to receive some energy
from this master.
It's quantum.
It's beyond time and space.
He's going to be using
vibration, sound healing,
to create a healing effect
on you the audience,
as well in the
episode on patients.
So it's my pleasure
to introduce Bing
as he talks about the history
of energy in Chinese culture.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> People come from abroad,
so they're bringing different
culture, and different practice
of the different talent
and capability.
It's really amazing me, so
in this world is just huge,
all the background.
Every culture has
a deep [INAUDIBLE]
so we really need
to make the effort
to digging more and more so we
can really bring to the human,
and contribute to the
human life, to the world.
The fundamental foundation.
That's the fundamental
foundation, regionally based
on, for example like
the shaman, and then
the religion, and then the
witchcraft, so a lot of stuff.
Originally, it comes from there,
actually from the witchcraft,
like shaman.
The people, they are observing
nature, they got knowledge.
Accumulated knowledge, and then
they refined the knowledge,
they practice, so they are
getting better and better,
so make it practical.
>> Did you catch all that?
What Bing was talking about was
that these ancient cultures,
especially in
China, were shamans.
They invoked the forces,
the forces of nature,
and brought it in into
applicable practices.
Now he talked about
it as witchcraft
and showed the history
in some of these books
were documenting what was
happening in Chinese culture
at that time, so it went
from shamanistic culture,
to witchcraft as he
called it or paganism,
and then it became a
science, an energetic science
both for the martial arts
and the healing arts,
so things like the
five elements system
were born out of these
shamanistic cultures.
>> We call this
one just listening,
the skill for practicing
every day in order to sense
the energy, understand the
energy through the physical
contact, actually--
>> This is Bing in action, and
he's talking about listening
skills.
Now listening skills
is the developing
of sensitivity to energy.
In a sense, you
kinesthetically listen
to the energy in martial
arts and then make
movements and adjustments
based on this listening,
so he's going to describe the
physical sensation of listening
to somebody's energy.
Now this is true for
aikido, tai chi, kung fu,
and the subtle
internal martial arts.
And you'll see Bing move
from a physical practice,
to a more energetically
sensitive practice,
to even a distant practice,
where he's using energy
to move an opponent,
and as you'll see,
this guy, his opponent,
is a lot bigger than him.
And I've seen this
over and over again
where a smaller martial artist,
maybe even an older martial
artist, takes down the bigger,
physical, more powerful-- more
seemingly powerful-- opponent in
very easy and effortless ways,
and that's the
opportunity of energy.
Effortless power.
Take a look at Bing here.
>> Standing in this way so the
camera can see just by very
gently, by the energy, you see,
and without physical, right?
Just the energy just coming in.
Yeah, just like that.
Just like that.
And then you can do back.
You can do that job to me.
>> All right.
>> You can do that
job to me gradually.
Just come to me.
You do that one.
You see.
>> Yeah.
>> Do that one.
Come to me.
Right, so now that the energy
already get redirected,
you see?
Yeah, you see?
Yeah.
Do more.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, very good.
So you're really good, so
your level pretty high.
We will do it again.
Push towards me, the energy.
Push more.
More.
You see already to my
body, it still push.
Slowly the energy already
redirected, right?
It already off to me, so that
the energy already redirected,
come around off to me.
So from towards me,
directly towards me
push, and then redirect that
one around me, so that one just
to tai chi, very important
the listening practice,
so if you know this one,
you can direct people
with the strong force.
When people strong force
push, so when you are strongly
pushing me, you see?
So I can redirect it, right?
Can make it go around.
Try to redirect it, you
see, and then redirect it.
>> Yeah.
>> The turning.
>> The more you apply the force,
the more you get a pullback,
right?
You get removed.
>> So what you're seeing here
is Bing receiving the energy,
and then amplifying it
as he gives it back.
Now this listening skill
is a lot like water.
Think about standing
in a wave, and when
you're doing some sparring
with a martial artist
with this skill level, it feels
like you're standing in a wave.
It just knocks you over.
It's a very powerful experience.
As you can see, this
larger gentleman
is getting knocked
all over by Bing.
>> See, you do quickly.
You do quickly.
Yeah.
If you do quickly
push me strongly,
and then you get
affected more, right?
You see.
You do again.
>> This guy's just
getting taken down.
>> Reaction to you,
so the energy, right?
I didn't do much work.
Now I do much work,
you see what happened.
I do.
Yeah, you do.
Push me.
Yeah.
>> Bing's powerful.
It's like trying to fight
a wave in the ocean.
I mean, it just keeps knocking
you down over and over again
as you can see.
This energy, this energy
is often described
as the water power, and it is.
It's like trying
to wrestle a wave,
and it can be very frustrating
because these guys are
so powerful yet they're
so soft and subtle.
It's quite extraordinary.
When you spar with a tai chi
master and an energy master,
you've got to get good at
getting up off the floor
because you'll just get
knocked over and over and over.
I remember myself getting
knocked across the floor
by a master, and I
tumbled in somersaults.
I did feel like I was
in a wave in the ocean.
Now what he's doing is he's
doing spiraling movements,
and if you notice when you watch
water, it swirls and spirals,
and so as he's making
contact with his opponent,
he spirals and swirls because
that is a very powerful force,
and it'll create a
spiral, or a vortex,
through the opponent
to knock them down.
>> Yeah, here.
Is it here?
I do.
Here, I relax you, right?
Here.
>> And here, what you're seeing
is the more and more subtle
energy.
As we progress, he
builds this energy,
and then he let's it release.
It's called coiling.
You coil the energy in,
and then when it releases,
it's uncoiling,
and what you'll see
is that it knocks somebody
over with very little effort,
and then he knocks somebody
over without touching them
through the energetic space.
>> Paralyzing you, right?
>> And that's when it
gets a little weird.
>> Yeah.
You see?
I need do it again, you see?
You see, I do a lot,
so I'm really trained.
I'm really trained.
Yeah.
>> That's scary.
>> Yeah, that's scary, right?
You sense it, right?
You sense it, that's right.
>> Now Ming's opponent, this
very large Russian military
man, he can't believe it.
He's getting pushed
around by this little guy
and getting knocked
over, and then he's
getting pushed through
space with energy.
Well, you might have some
insurmountable problems
in your life.
Things where you think,
I can't get through that.
This is too difficult.
This is too challenging.
This is too hard.
Well, you have power
and potential within you
in the same way that Bing
is using this energy.
These natural flowing
powers of energy within.
These seeds of
potential get ignited,
and then you have more power
than you can even dream of,
and you can overcome your
adversities, your problems,
your challenges, and
rise to the occasion.
Use your mind.
Use your energy to overcome what
you think might be impossible.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Ming is a master
healer from China.
He's using energy,
traditional Chinese medicine,
but in a very unique way.
He's going to use
vibration and toning,
healing sounds if you
will, to create a healing
effect in the body.
Remember, sound is healing.
It moves energy.
Think of music.
When you hear a great song
or your favorite song,
it moves you.
That's why we call it
emotion, energy in motion.
Sound has a healing
vibration, and Ming
is a master of healing
energy through sound,
and what you'll see is him
explaining energy, aura,
vibration, energy
field specific points,
and then he's going to give
some treatments to some people
and show how this
vibrational healing creates
a shift in the energy body,
and then in the physical body.
Think of your mind, your body,
your emotions like instruments.
Sometimes they get out of tune.
We have to tune up
those instruments.
What gets your body out of tune?
Stress, tension,
modern life, and what
he's showing you is how to tune
up the instrument of your mind
and your body to a harmonious
vibration, a vibration
of health, of aliveness, of
vibrancy, of emotional balance,
and mental clarity,
so here's Ming.
>> So when the
energy become weak,
like the outer become weak, we
will have a lot of problems.
I will use the
mantra to activate
your energy system, internal
energy system, and the outer.
This mantra, you listen to me.
Use your body to feel it.
This mantra will activate
your energy system.
Let your body absorb
energy from surround.
As we know, around us
there are huge energies.
In the universe, there
are huge energies.
If we open our body,
let energy come
in with the help of my mantra,
and then quickly in your body,
your energy will increase.
Your aura will become strong.
Your internal energy
will become powerful,
and then we can sync
strongly, we feel strongly,
and stress will go.
>> Are you ready for a
little healing treatment?
Ming is going to do some
vibrational healing,
so here's what to do.
Get in a relaxed,
receptive state of mind.
Take some slow, deep
breaths, and as you
listen to these
vibrations, receive it,
and have that
intention that this
is going to create a
healing effect in your body.
A clearing of pain, tension,
tightness, and stress,
and a bringing in of
that harmony where
the body, like a symphony,
is working together
with that harmonious frequency.
Deep breath, and here's Ming.
>> Listen to me.
[VOCALIZING]
You can feel your energy
start to flow inside your body
and balance your
yin and yang energy.
[VOCALIZING]
OK.
Continue follow me.
Relax your body.
OK.
Relax your head.
Relax your neck.
Relax your shoulders.
Relax your back.
Relax your legs.
OK, now we relax
internal organs.
Relax your brain.
Relax your lungs.
Relax your heart.
Relax your liver.
Relax your gallbladder.
Relax your spleen.
Relax your pancreas.
Relax your kidneys.
Relax your intestines.
Relax your urine bladder.
Relax your whole body.
Relax, relax, relax.
Feel your body.
Relax your body.
Feel it.
Relax.
[VOCALIZING]
OK.
Your weak organ, or your sick
organ which need more energy,
when the energy
go to your organs,
you will have some feelings,
itchy or some moving
or you feel the
blockage, et cetera.
Yeah, just relax deeper.
Relax deeper.
Let energy flow inside the body.
When the energy flow
inside your channels,
it will open your
blockage and strengthen
your internal organs' energy.
Continue.
[VOCALIZING]
The water from your head go into
your body, through your arms,
your legs go out.
Wash your body.
Clean your body.
Take away all your sickness.
Let your inner strong.
[VOCALIZING]
>> How did that feel?
A little tuneup.
When you go to a
concert, it's usually
maybe an hour and a half,
so this is a short tune up.
It's like a song,
listening to a good song,
just feel that lightness
and levity moving
through the whole system.
Remember, music vibration is
energy, and you are energy.
Your body, your mind,
your emotions are energy,
and you just had a
quick little tuneup.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Sometimes, you need
more than a tune up.
These vibrations and
Ming as a practitioner
can create a healing
effect on a patient
with some serious illnesses.
Take a look at this.
>> The first healing I was
shaky and nauseous afterwards,
and I had to sit down,
go for a walk after that,
and in the evening I
felt very nauseous.
The second day, nauseous after
about two or three hours,
and I vomited, and
this same as yesterday.
Last night, I was
sick quite a bit,
but I didn't feel unwell sick.
I just felt like I'd
eaten too much food sick,
but I hadn't eaten
too much food.
And yesterday morning,
I coughed up some mucus
with a lot of dark substance,
and I asked Professor Ming,
I showed him a picture that
I have on my phone here,
and he said that was good.
>> OK.
This one, right?
>> Yes.
Professor Ming said that it
was old blood that had come up
from toxins that were released,
and I feel a lot lighter today,
and healthier than I have been.
>> There is an image
that you hold of yourself
of the representation that you
made of your body, outer body,
inner body, of the
world and of others.
If you can change that
image, disrupt it at first,
surprise yourself, and
suddenly change that image,
it will change the
sensation, the feeling,
the perception that
you have of your body,
of yourself, of the world.
The principle is very
simple, but the protocol
that you apply the principle
with is the key to success.
So in the beginning, when you
say, oh, I'm already healthy,
is only 1% of your mind, your
conscious mind, that says that.
99% of your mind doesn't agree.
It's like saying,
oh, I'm so happy.
I'm so happy, but then
you are miserable.
Positive thinking doesn't work.
Same here.
Don't turn this one
into positive thinking.
Understand the
principle of it, so you
need to really see it
as perfectly healthy,
and you need to do
this five second, ten
second complete focus complete
clarity, 20, 30, 50 times
per day every day,
until from just
being a superficial
imprint is start
to access the deep system
of belief in your mind.
Now you may wonder, oh, that
very much sounds like placebo.
Yes, indeed, but this is
the science of placebo.
How actually you can make it
work, how it actually works,
and it does work.
Now if you look at the
process in reverse,
I'm sure you've heard
of phantom limbs.
People that have amputations.
The image of the amputated
part is still there.
The feelings and
sensations are still there,
although the physical
structure has been removed.
The pain disappears when finally
the mind accepts or erases
the image of the part that
is already not there, then
the pain subsides.
>> David makes a really good
point because placebo is good
medicine.
What your mind
believes to be true
becomes true through your
body, but he brought up
a fascinating point
about the phantom limb
because the body is then
sending energy to the mind,
and what David is
really talking about
is that it's one
continuous energy.
It's like the soil is
a continuous energy
to the top of the tree.
It's one extension of the
other, so the mind and the body
flow back and forth with
energy and information,
and what David
said is that we're
going to be doing
this work and learning
how to work with the
mind, and learning
body to influence
each other in meditation.
It's the art of
paying attention.
The way in which we can liberate
both the body and the mind,
one flowing into the
other in a seamless flow.
We've been to exotic places and
met some extraordinary masters.
On the next journey, this master
has been trained for many years
to work with powerful
energy within ourselves.
>> It really shifts your whole
perspective of the world.
>> Are you ready
for the adventure?
[MUSIC PLAYING]